Speaking of my work experience, it's quite a 'legendary' journey.

I started at Alibaba as an intern, This picture was taken on a weekend after an activity. The left one is me , still a lot of hair. Look at the building there are many boxes out of the building , that’s meeting room , we have a lot of late night meeting there even every night, so the 996 is true, but we don’t feel tired since young, during that time I didn’t have any time to play football, and from then I started to lose my hair.

 
I joined My120.com , an internet startup company , but just six months later the company went bankrupt and closed, Sometimes I think it's my joining that make it closed.


And next I  went to NNIT，is a joint venture between NEC and NEU. But who knew, they broke up and closed the company after around 4 years. I started to wonder if I had a 'curse' that makes companies go bankrupt.


After that, I went to Accenture, a fortune Global 500 companies，I thought it should be fine this time?  But fate always has its surprises, layoff happens! Total of my department been layoff. 

Finally I am here. While soon after my joining ,Reorg happens in Citi… Just kidding! Actually, I think these experiences have made me cherish my current job more, and they've also taught me that no matter what difficulties we face, we should persevere because there will always be better opportunities waiting for us.




Onboard:
Hackathon:
Code hackathon , it’s a very specifical experience , we should choose a topic to implement something within 24hrs.
And finally we won the top5 of the “spring board” topic to help homeless. Through the Hackathon, not only achieve good results, but also as a newcomer, I was able to establish strong relationships with my teammates.


Redis: 
Let me get familiar with the Redis framework previously developed by Team. Through understanding and learning about this framework, I found that it was actually very well-designed, featuring excellent scalability. With only minor changes to the configuration, one can easily load data from the database into Redis. The code is also written in a very concise and clean manner. It makes me realize what an outstanding technical team this is. 


Outing:
This my second time outing in Citi , I really enjoy it with my daughter. Also make many new friends there. 



