Life of Donny 
The title even the picture is coped from a film: Life of PI
But here it’s “Life of Donny”

First, Who is Donny?
As the picture , he is Donny , long long ago, he was a young handsome guy with a full head of hair. 
He likes coding , he has to like coding, since he need to make money by coding . 
His favorite sport is football, apart from taking care of child , most of his free time dedicate to playground to play football.
He experienced many company shutdowns, so he hope Citi will be his the last company.

Actually, I am Donny , 
Let’s figure out what kinds of experiences has donny had to let him from there(young handsome) to here(A different kind of charm)


Speaking of my work experience, it’s quite a “legendary” journey

I started at Alibaba, a well-known internet company, also well-known for its heavy workload, the most important, from then on, I started to lose my hair.

After around three years I moved to a internet startup company: my120.com , which focus on internet hospital, but it went closed very soon, I have been there just for only six months.

For my next journey, I went to NNIT, which is a joint venture between NEC Soft and NEU Soft, NEC Soft is a big Japanese company and NEU is a big Chinese company , seems to be a stable company, and I had time to play football. But who knew, after 4 years, they broke up and closed the company. I started to wonder if I had a “curse” that makes companies go bankrupt.


After that, I went to Accenture, a fortune Global 500 companies , this time should be fine. But fate always has its surprise, a big layoff happened, total of my department been cut off.

Finally I am here , the greatest company I have ever worked for, even after joining Citi , I think I am as handsome as this guy.

Actually, I think all these experiences have made me cherish my current job more , and they also taught me that no matter what difficulties we face , we should persevere because there will always be better opportunities waiting for us .




The story is going on, let’s go to see what happened in my first Citi year.

Onboarded, it’s a big day for me, there only 3 days left to be a one fully City year.

Code hackathon, I haven’t experienced that before, it’s really difficult, we need to make a team, to choose a topic implement something with 24 hours ,need good time management, good collaboration, good communication. You can see this is our team: codelegend404, and we finally won the top5 for our topic. Besides the result, as new joiner it a good chance to build relationship with teammate. 


Matrix retirement.
I am very lucky to have joined company and immediately be part of such a big project. From which I knew a lot of talent guys in Citi.
Matrix is very old and big system , which has been there form almost 30 years, lots of business happens on it everyday .I knew how challenging this project is , the honor goes to everyone on this project, I am so proud of be part of this team .


Outing
My first time to attend a company’s outing with my daughter, which has never experienced before , there are a lot of activities with different guys from different team. Both me and my daughter really enjoyed it , even now my daughter always ask me : when will has our next outing. I think this kinds of activity the more the better .

Difficulties will certainly arise in the future, but I’m not afraid because I have the support of a strong team behind me. At last I want to say, it’s really my honor to join such a great team , we have great people, great lead , great structure , great culture , and very great leaderships, I hope and I do believe we will be better and better

Donny’s story is still going on …
I hope all you guys will appear in my story, at least 10 years, even forever.

Thank you!
